EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_api/access_dataprovider_via_php.md

);
```

This service injects different data providers to the Catalog Service using external configuration.
You can choose the provider depending on SiteAccess, URL, etc.

## Implementation

> To choose the proper catalog provider, use [tags and compiler pass.](http://symfony.com/doc/current/components/dependency_injection/tags.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To choose the proper catalog provider, use [tags and compiler pass.](http://symfony.com/doc/3.4/components/dependency_injection/tags.html)
```
